Reporting updates (#2365)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/administration/reporting/report-on-deployments-with-sql.md

## How often is the data updated?

> The data in the table (and exposed by the feed) updates every time any data related to deployments changes. This includes changes such as changing the name of a project or environment, or changing the version number of a release. The data should always be up-to-date within the last 30 seconds, however if Octopus is performing many operations this may increase to several minutes.

Author: I arbitrarily picked these timings (30 seconds to match the old 30 seconds). Happy to change them if they don't feel accurate.

Reviewer: Nit: Or not mention it?
```suggestion
The data in the table (and exposed by the feed) updates every time any data related to deployments changes. This includes changes such as changing the name of a project or environment, or changing the version number of a release. The data should always be up-to-date, however if Octopus is performing many operations, data could be stale up to several minutes.
```
